Once upon a time,
looks like she's gonna turn cold
tomorrow, yeah.
You got that right. There was a salesman
called Jerry Lundegaard. Okay, real good.
Who always dreamt of striking it rich.
Wait, have you had a chance to think
about that deal I was talking about,
those 40 acres there?
And why is that, Jerry?
We're not going to just give you $750,000.
No, no, but see...
So, we all set on this thing? Then you
want your own wife kidnapped?
Now, her dad, he's real well off, so why
don't you just ask him for the money?
On Wade, it's Jerry. I don't know what to
do, it's something terrible.
But in a place called Fargo.
Mr. Lundegaard?
I'm a police officer from Brainerd
investigating some malfeasance.
How's Gene?
My wife.
All due respect, Jerry, I don't want you
mucking this up.
Here's the second one. I want you to tell
me what these fellas look like.
Well, the little guy, he was kind of funny
looking.
Can you be any more specific?
He wasn't circumcised. Jeez, I'm
cooperating here.
And there. There's no... and...
What do you fellas got yourself mixed up in?
Oh, jeez.
You're there in 30 minutes.
Where I find you and I shoot you and I
shoot your wife and I show you little children.
You should see the other guy. Oh, jeez.
Fargo.
End of story.